{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid602\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 RoosterGoose Privacy Policy
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Introduction
\f2\b0  Welcome to RoosterGoose. Your privacy is extremely important to us, and we are committed to protecting and handling your data responsibly. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your personal information when you use our app. By using RoosterGoose, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 1. Information We Collect
\f2\b0  We collect various types of information to provide you with our services, improve our app, and ensure a seamless user experience. The information we collect includes:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 User-Provided Information
\f2\b0 : Information you provide directly when creating an account, such as your name, email address, gender, and any other relevant details.
\f3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Face Data
\f2\b0 : User-uploaded photos that include facial features for smile analysis and enhancement.
\f3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Usage Data
\f2\b0 : Information about how you use the app, including interactions, preferences, and navigation data.
\f3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Device Information
\f2\b0 : Data about the device you use to access the app, such as device type, operating system, and unique device identifiers.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cookies and Tracking Technologies
\f2\b0 : Information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your user experience.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2. How We Use Your Information
\f2\b0  The information we collect is used for various purposes, including but not limited to:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Face Data Collection and Usage
\f2\b0 : Photos you upload are analyzed to generate a SmileScore and AI-enhanced images showcasing potential smile improvements. This data helps us deliver personalized feedback and recommendations to enhance your smile.
\f3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 User Experience Improvement
\f2\b0 : To improve app functionality, personalize content, and provide you with relevant services.
\f3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Communication
\f2\b0 : To send you notifications, updates, and information related to the app.
\f3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analytics and Research
\f2\b0 : To conduct data analysis to improve our app and understand usage trends.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Security and Fraud Prevention
\f2\b0 : To ensure the security of our app and protect against fraudulent activities.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 3. Sharing and Disclosure of Information
\f2\b0  We understand the sensitivity of face data and handle it with the highest degree of care. The collected data is shared only as follows:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Third-Party Sharing
\f2\b0 : Face data is shared with OpenAI for processing through GPT Vision. This allows for the analysis and enhancement of user photos, enabling us to provide AI-powered smile analysis and improvement suggestions.
\f3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Storage
\f2\b0 : All face data is securely stored on AWS S3 servers. These servers are protected using industry-standard security protocols to ensure data integrity and confidentiality.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Service Providers
\f2\b0 : We may share information with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in operating the app and providing services, such as hosting, data analysis, and customer support. These providers are bound by confidentiality agreements and are not permitted to use your data for any purpose other than helping us provide the app.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 4. Data Retention Policy
\f2\b0  We retain face data and other personal information for a limited period to provide you with ample time to review and access your results.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Retention Period for Face Data
\f2\b0 : Face data is retained for up to 30 days after analysis. This allows users to access their results and feedback. After 30 days, face data is permanently deleted from our servers.
\f3 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Retention Period for Other Data
\f2\b0 : Other personal data may be retained as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. We may also retain certain information to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Deletion of Data
\f2\b0 : When the retention period ends, all face data is removed using secure deletion methods to prevent any unauthorized recovery.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 5. Security Measures
\f2\b0  We implement various security measures to protect your data, including:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Encryption
\f2\b0 : All data transferred to and from our app is encrypted using SSL/TLS protocols.
\f3 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access Controls
\f2\b0 : We restrict access to face data and other personal information to authorized personnel only.
\f3 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Regular Audits
\f2\b0 : We conduct regular audits of our systems and security practices to ensure your data remains protected.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Secure Storage
\f2\b0 : Data stored on AWS S3 is secured using encryption and industry-standard security protocols.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 6. User Rights
\f2\b0  You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access and Update
\f2\b0 : You can access and update your personal information within the app.
\f3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Deletion
\f2\b0 : You may request the deletion of your data at any time.
\f3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Withdraw Consent
\f2\b0 : You can withdraw your consent for data processing at any time, though this may limit the functionality of the app.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Portability
\f2\b0 : You have the right to request a copy of your data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 7. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
\f2\b0  We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our app and store certain information. Cookies help us enhance your user experience by remembering your preferences and providing customized content.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Types of Cookies Used
\f2\b0 :
\f3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Essential Cookies
\f2\b0 : Required for the operation of the app.
\f3 \
\ls7\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Performance Cookies
\f2\b0 : Help us understand how users interact with the app.
\f3 \
\ls7\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Functionality Cookies
\f2\b0 : Used to remember your preferences and enhance your experience.
\f3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Managing Cookies
\f2\b0 : You can manage or disable cookies through your device settings.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 8. Third-Party Services
\f2\b0  Our app may contain links to third-party services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party services you visit.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 9. Children\'92s Privacy
\f2\b0  Our app is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that we have collected data from a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information promptly.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 10. Privacy Policy Updates
\f2\b0  We may update this Privacy Policy periodically. Changes will be posted within the app, and your continued use after the update constitutes your acceptance of the new policy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 11. Contact Information
\f2\b0  If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we handle your data, please contact us at support@RoosterGoose.co.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Detailed Sections on Face Data
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Face Data Collection and Usage
\f2\b0  RoosterGoose collects and processes user-uploaded photos that include facial data to provide smile analysis and generate AI-enhanced images. This data is essential for delivering key app functionalities, such as SmileScore and personalized feedback. The collected photos are shared with OpenAI for processing through GPT Vision and are securely stored on AWS S3.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Data Retention Policy
\f2\b0  Face data is retained for up to 30 days after analysis to give users sufficient time to access their results. After this period, face data is securely deleted from our servers. The deletion process involves industry-standard practices to ensure complete removal and prevent unauthorized recovery.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 By using RoosterGoose, you acknowledge and agree to this data handling policy. This ensures that you can use our app with confidence, knowing that your privacy and data security are our top priorities.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}